hello this is Adam from Mahalo
videogames bringing you an educational
walkthrough of Near Orbit Vanguard
Alliance for more videos in this series
check out Mahalo comm slash Nova WT if
you like this video please take a second
to subscribe comment and rate
captain Gayle warden huh but at times
does anyone called me that you'll need
to come with us yeah been a while since
you discharged me too I think I'll
finish my drink you don't mind sorry
captain
we're not asking please excuse your
abduction captain warden but the
colonial administration feels you're the
best man for a very important job and
they cannot afford to waste time sorry I
didn't catch your name I am velena the
AI advisor on your mission
my mission I'll explain later
your shuttle is scheduled to leave Ceres
shortly so we must hurry
I see they fitted you for a mobile
armored suit drag horizontally and
vertically on the screen to rotate
camera use movement joystick to walk to
the waypoints display aim and fire the
simulated target
now please reload slide the icon to
change weapons shield accretes when
taking damage but regenerates were not
under fire when fighting multiple
hostiles you can use your paralyzed
ability but it will consume some of your
shoe although the navigation compass to
the ship we provided for you access the
game's menu you will find your objective
in the goals tab
you can jump over obstacles I see you're
quite used to it
very good there's a shuttle waiting for
you at the beach
it will conveyed you to your destination
would this hold on a minute
I'm not a Marine anymore what if I
refuse you will be in violation of Nova
colonial directive 12 at a time of
emergency the governor of Ceres reserves
the right to recall to active duty Eddie
yeah yeah you got me by the berries
what's the mission you will board and
investigate the colonial pride a
military cargo ship with which we lost
contact one week ago